Fixes how annotations are fetched from annotated types (#2606)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch fixes a problem with ``st.builds()`` that was not able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch fixes a problem with :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.builds` that was not able to
```
